the Alibaba Group is the largest retail
and mobile commerce company in the world
with more than half a billion consumers
shopping on its marketplaces and tens of
millions of businesses selling their
products the company has directly and
indirectly employed more than or created
more than 30 million jobs and Jack says
the company is just getting started
he has ambitions of creating a hundred
million jobs and reaching 2 billion
people Jack also has a long history with
the World Economic Forum he first came
to Davos in 2001 as a young global
leader he sits on the board of the World
Economic Forum and he recently joined
the board of global shapers we are so
lucky to have Jack with us here today
thank you so much for making time for
the young communities within Davos and
can I please ask everyone to join me in
giving Jack a very warm welcome we have
global shapers young global leaders and
technology pioneers in the room we're
all really looking forward to asking
some questions so I'll just kick off
with a few first please so you ended
your interview last year by saying we
really need to pay attention to people
who are 30 years old to the next 30
years and to companies that have less
than 30 employees I turned 30 last year
so it was particularly welcome to hear
this and I think for many people in the
room they meet one or two of those
categories so in light of that what are
you most looking forward to
and most scared of in the next 30 years
yeah we people are very lucky
because we are in the area that the
world is in a very big transformation
because of the chip technology I think
we read a lot of on the books that 200
years ago when the first industry have a
lot of great people and then a hundred
years ago
electricity revolution camp a lot of
success people so now the technology
come this new technology will also
create a lot of successful people
interesting careers but honestly every
technology craft were average income is
create a lot of social problems and my
view is the first a technology
revolution cause the first world war ii
technology love lucy' red cuff the
second world war
now we under third so what what it's
gonna happening people worry about
artificial intelligence people worry
about robots people worry about a
computer and datas and privacy
insecurities people start to worry but
whether you're worried it will come you
don't worry it comes so the thing is how
you change yourself so I I think next to
30 years the world is going to be a huge
change if there is a third world war
I think the world war should be a wall
against the disease a war against
environment pollution a war against the
poverty together which another war
against ourselves but if we do not see
clearly that using the new technology to
solve this problem if we do not unite
align together with human being gonna
fight each other because every
technology revolution will make the
world unbalanced when something
unbalanced coming somebody used to be
number one suddenly began number two as
somebody was number three and then
become number one it's all about
comfortable so we people if you're 30
years old my my view is if when you have
20 to 30 years old you should follow a
good boss join a good company to learn
how to do things properly
when you're 30 to 40 years old if you
want to do something yourself just do it
you're sticking afford to lose to fail
but when you're 40 to 50 years old my
suggestion is that you should do things
that you are good at right and not do
things that oh that's very interesting I
want to try something new
it's be dangerous more when you're 50 to
60 years old
spending time training and developing
young people the next generation when
you'll see over 60 years old better stay
with your grandchildren mm-hmm but this
is normally general like that not
everybody like but most of the people
were looked at so 30 years old we people
next to 30 years are they lucky stay
pure we're a lot of challenges a lot of
things that's happening and with our
knowledge with our physical power it's
time you need to change you have to
think we oh if you want to be successful
tomorrow it's impossible if you want to
be successful a year later it's
impossible but if you want to win 10
years later you have chance that is what
I think wonderful and moving on to a
topic which is kind of impossible to
ignore after 2017 so aside of all the
people in leadership positions in
Alibaba are women but the picture
elsewhere is is a bit more bleak and a
friend of mine recently said something
that has really stayed with me women are
tired of empowerment programs and we
want power in 2016 venture capitalists
invested fifty eight point two billion
dollars in male founded companies while
women received just one point four six
billion and as 2017 showed it was a year
of sexual harassment scandals the gender
pay gap still exists and unfortunately
the list does go on so how do you think
we can move beyond tokenistic gestures
towards genuine gender equality yeah
that is very interesting a few years are
like four years ago there is journalists
are came to our
company and when he leaves he asking me
pressing why there are so many women in
your company and I never realized we
have so many women in our company I said
anything wrong today we have a 49% close
49% of the employees of our company a
woman that's a lot for a high-tech
company it's not on purpose to a high
woman we think they are great in helping
us to grow Alibaba is an e-commerce
company ecommerce is a service industry
to serve people better you have that you
should have a surf hop service part we
find that women doing much better jobs
than men and the second is the last
century people compete because muscle no
not this century is not much as the
wisdom and next is I believe if a person
want to be successful we should have a
high EQ but if you don't want to lose
quickly you should have a high IQ but if
you want to be respected you should have
have high lq the queue of love so those
three queues put together a lot of men
they have a high IQ below EQ on a very
tiny lq women balance wise they're the
best if you want your company to be
successful if you want your company to
operate with wisdom with cared wonder is
the best in my company and we noticed
that women they care others much more
than men even our site today our
shopping site ecommerce we found a woman
buy a lot of things but they buy for
their husband their parents their kids
may only buy for themselves mostly
because you care that make you the
difference so we have a 49 percent of
the the colleagues in the company of
women
and close 37% of the senior management
of women we never feel anything wrong
and women they they they sacrifice more
that when they they love it they believe
it they continue to do it so I think the
very one of the secret sauce for Alibaba
to be successful it was successful in
the past 18 years because we have so
many women colleagues and the other
thing is that with you so proud and you
know most of the time you see I go out I
never realized that when we can't always
50 percent of women with my delegation
my team because we never think they're
women do we think their great big
colleagues know if you try to say now
we've got a too many man's and we do
have to put some women inside oh that's
a disaster for both side so what would
your advice be to companies that operate
a little bit more on that quote of a
system but seem to be not making
progress or not having such kind of
representation when you have a porter
base to have you must have a lot of
women you will never reach that I think
I'm if a company for a man trust me
this company cannot be sustainable
cannot keep on growing because just like
a stew if you don't put what inside this
do is too tough is easy to break so when
you have a woman amending in the same
company when something happened the
women are the for example one of the
valley for our company is that the
number one value is custom number one
being pride number to share whole number
three this is everywhere I go Wall
Street did not like my point but this is
what I said you know if you if you if
you like us investing us if you don't
like us please sell our stocks don't buy
us you believe custom number one in
pride number two Cheryl number three but
when man start when we start to compete
man suddenly get very angry and you know
this that and women are always come up
no competition let's think about
customer number one most of the women
they believe in the first day dream of
first day love
the man easy to forget I'm sorry it's
did not say bad about man this is C this
is statistic this is why our company
worked the balance and it's naturally
happening it's not like a week but so a
lot of people have a tendency nag is
better in doing things but we don't we
think that even if man is a better we
still have to hide the woman inside and
then the women have enough women women
will hire people more so this is how we
did it so I don't know how many high
tech companies in the world like us
49% colleagues are women who feel proud
of for that as you should be and I think
it's a very strong message to send out
to like I say other companies that have
a range of reasons for why that's why
that's not the case but clearly you've
been able to build the most successful
one with with that being with that being
so so you just came off stage after
giving a talk about digital ecommerce
and what needs to happen for small
businesses and entrepreneurs to benefit
from globalization at a time when
globalization once again is being
questioned is it really delivering for
the most vulnerable is it delivering for
people in the global south etc so what
is your message to people in this room
kind of about globalization really I
think globalization cannot be stopped
nobody can stop globalization nobody can
stop trade and I believe if trade stops
war stuff
trade is the way to solve the solve the
war not cause the wars i think
globalization to the fantastic jobs in
the past of 30 years being rich lot of
countries but of course caused a lot of
problems right young people did not have
opportunities small business have done
opportunities development developing
countries were neglected but it's only
30 years it's a baby it's a grow you
have to improve it if you try to improve
it then you kill it's easy most of the
time to kill something is much easy so
my beliefs
it's our generations job today we have a
better technology we have a better
knowledge about a globalization and it's
our generations responsibility or
opportunity to improve it tell me how
can you stop globalization now after
fish intelligence come robots come my
grandfather worked 16 hours a day and he
said he was very busy we work eight
hours a day we said we are very busy our
children may only work three hours of
four hours a day for three days a week I
bet they would say oh we're very busy
then when you work only three hours a
day and four days a week we're gonna do
you're going to travel around right you
cannot stay in the home for a week you
would travel 30 years ago normal life
you visit
20 to 30 cities for your life 30 years
later in your life
you have visited 300 cities in your life
because of mobile okay stop it it's
impossible so thinking about that the
only thing is to improve it to make it
simple
global trade should be simple should be
modernized should giving inclusive
everybody had the opportunity so my
strong message is that well I feel sorry
for WTO they did a great job but in the
past 20 years when you put a 200
government and ministers in a one room
how can they agree on something right
because I don't like your country no
matter how good suggestion you have I
said no but business people even if we
put 200 business people in the one room
we will surely agree on something and
this is what I believe the next
generation of globalization should be
inclusive should create opportunities
for young people to get involved
the first globalization in a human
history was controlled by few kings and
emperors last 30 years globalization was
controlled by 60,000 big companies if
you're not amount of big companies if
you're not in the big powerful countries
you don't have chance the next 30 years
I bet we will be we will have 6 million
or 16 million or 16 minute companies get
involved the globalization and I am sure
we will make it happen
together with a lot of people maybe with
you with the mobile phone if people
still using mobile phones 30 years later
with a mobile phone you can global by
you want to buy something from Kenya you
just click you want to buy something
from Norway you click global by global
cell if your small thing without
internet you can only
cell in your village or small town today
can sell across world and global pay
global delivery and girl will travel the
only thing you have to bring is a mobile
phone no not even passport this is going
to happen in ten years and this is the
message let's catch this opportunity if
you complain the other people catch it
if you catch the opportunity embraced it
now you will be the next Alibaba people
like me I was born in a very poor family
I never got a great education I filled
all the examinations for what reason I
don't know but later I realize I don't
have money I don't have technology I
don't have a lot of good backgrounds
where we have a rich uncle or something
no they only start competing with my
people then young people's let's compete
it for ten years later this is what I
believe ten years later will be
happening so everything I do for that
goal I know
ten years later this thing is going to
happen so prepare for that because I
know if I compete with him for next
Mouse no chance so this is how my
message it's up it's a challenge but
it's opportunity and it's the
opportunity for people like us this
world the most difficult of thing is to
convincing a successful people wait tell
him this is a great opportunity to
nananananana
forget it right I've been doing this for
30 years but for people like us we're
looking for opportunities in order to
survive so we will do anything to be
creative so this is the message 30 years
it's opportunity for us it's a challenge
for those people who are 60 years old if
they're 60 years old
and that discrimination but it's it is
tough for them and maybe says something
about how we need to look at government
as well in terms of more young people
entering and doing policymaking so if
there are these six or 16 or 60 million
businesses and we're all kind of hyper
connected on a more fundamental level do
you think consumption is making us happy
consumption what I mean consumption by
making us happy
through through consuming are we
becoming happier through being more
connected is that genuinely yeah of
course consumption were makin some
definitely we're not happy right but if
their consumption may not be the thing
is that for me people like me people say
Oh Jack you're very rich no but I don't
have time to spend money and I know this
money that does not belong to me when I
have a one minute to minute it's my
money but we have 20 minute problem
comes you think the u.s. daughters who
gets the valley or Ingrid porn and the
stock market is gonna problem when
you're over 1 billion daughters that is
the responsibility because the society
trusted you can manage the money better
if you think that it's your money you'll
get into trouble this is what I always
believed that's the how can a person
have a you know 2000 I make two billion
dollars no matter how hard we hop harder
your work you should not get to be an
out 2d billion the many people put on
you it's the trust and credit you have
so you should have spent a money better
than government you should spend money
better than the other people spend money
on the right places so consumptions yes
and I can service industry let me tell
you one thing the AI robots is going to
kill a lot of jobs because in the future
machine but there will be we have to
create more than service industry
service industry is going to have
services got a lot about consumptions so
doing the consumptions service industry
has huge hope but
have to do uniquely I think from that
slightly philosophical point we can turn
to the floor for questions so if you if
you could please introduce yourself say
where you're from please keep your
question six sinks so we can take as
many as possible and relevant for the
whole group great so would you like to
go first
hi my name is Parv I'm a global shaper
from Chicago and you just talked about
philanthropy and I'm curious if you
could talk about how you see your role
is changing in in the giving space
particularly given the fractured world
we live in
yep I think for alpha P P it's not about
helping others is about helping yourself
I had a huge debate with my colleagues
several years ago there's a big
earthquake in China and there versus big
earthquake in Japan so I thought we we
donated like a I forgot that we exempt
like a twenty thousand dollars to Japan
ten fifteen dollars to China and people
say why we don't know that little
because we are you know we have a lot of
money and my point is no matter how much
money you donate two minutes twenty
minutes that money compared to that
we cannot change a lot of things there
the thing you donate because you change
yourself when you change the world is
changing you have to change yourself
right and the next thing is that
philanthropy is about action it's about
involvement it's not about giving money
it's about a wake-up of people's
consciousness so I think to me I grow up
and my globalization is grew up in this
place
2,000 year 2001 when I was nominated as
a young global leader I had no idea what
he's Devil's where is that is it and
what what is about a young global leader
but I came here I learned I listen about
these Capri the city of global
citizenship and mobilization all things
I grow up I interstates this is to make
France appear this has changed to me
because I talk shrub that every time I
come to Davos I want to spend time who
is young
because I benefit from global young
global leader early days when I listened
to Bill Gates of / Bill Clinton and
George Soros these guys at that time we
don't have that many people very poor
facilities well very cold and won't like
it you know 30 minutes driving in a bus
coming here and fortune but now how do
you screw up but this is good
you know this is this is a wit this is
the this is the the to issue with pain
for a grown up and now to me I think
spending time with you benefit me and
also I want to tell you my true
experience after off the people does not
necessarily shmoney know by charity you
cannot change the world but if you have
a France appear hard you can do a lot of
things so I find this well unfortunately
a lot of people have a business heart
here making money but do things like a
frothing
what we should do is should be a profit
be heart they have a business of skill I
hate a lot of people do the opposite
they want to make money but they talk
like a friend's lippy and they do like
the France that we've wasted a lot of
money so this is what I mean and it's if
you want your team to continue to work
with you all your life you have to plant
the seed of care the world care others
the first day they join I don't like a
lot of companies who make a lot of money
because making pollutions counterfeit
products by end of the year donated some
money business
the philosophy ideation should be buried
into the business model alike not
philanthropy apart I think a message
that young people can take forward
please hi my name is Iman I'm a global
shaper from the Jeddah hub in Saudi
Arabia my question is as a young boy did
you envision that your life would be
like this did you have intuition about
this and if so do you think the belief
helped in achieving such great success
as a young boy I never thought oh you
know it's a young but you've ever -
today I never thought I would be here
honestly I never thought but as a young
boy I probably when I look back every
problems I met me might when I was a kid
anything to me
I filled so many times people probably
know that I've applied jobs for so many
jobs over 30 jobs all rejected not even
got a chance 24 of us are interview for
a KFC job 23 accepted I was the only guy
rejected six people went fuller looking
for a police job five except I was the
only one my cousin I applied job as a as
a as a server in a four style to my city
we wait a long queue for two hours he
was accepted I really so my mother
looked at me huh you know guess but I
know this is a training course for me
before my thirty years old I'm a failure
all people lose by never give up I think
there is opportunity there and then I I
was a teacher later I read from
University I was teaching in the
university for six years number five
because number five year I was elected
the best a teacher of my universe
elected by students so I said everything
I taught my students are the things I
learned from books what if I go out
spend a ten years experience all the
things whether fail or succeed I'd go
back to teach again that was my original
thing in doing Alibaba so I never
thought I could be rich I never thought
it would be successful I never thought
we could survive for eighteen years and
then we made it the only thing that
today we should do is share the
experience and know-how especially share
the mistakes suffers with others my
thinking is that you guys remember if
you want to be successful learn from the
other people's mistakes
don't learn from the successful stories
successful stories they make
don't listen to that there are a lot of
reasons behind it just like God I
remember the first time Harvard Business
School came to us say Jack we want to
write a case study for you
yes years 2001 a 2000 they came they
spent one week and they write a report
and I really I said this is not me and
this is this is you as a no this is not
us he said this is you so they make IV
sign and the case study go up and they
started teaching lot of universities the
next of five years they invited me to go
to the case study and they always find a
competitor of my company and F after
every case that case study Ali Papa
would die that company will succeed all
the students are green and actually
every five years all the competitive
diet was your survival so how can you
study this kind of a successful story
learn from the mistakes the other people
no matter how smart you are you will
encounter these mistakes you learn from
mistakes not because you will be able to
avoid mistakes you were able to when
these mistakes come they suffer comes
you know how to deal with it how to face
it I I the book I want to write if I if
I want if I can it's a re Bubber 1001
mistake this is the most rational things
that in my life in my life is not how
much we achieved is how much we go
through the tough days and mistakes and
this is what is it if you start to think
now would be good so if you ask me where
as a boy I never thought about that
never that's going to use the back of
the room
funnily ygl from Shanghai I know that
you recently spend a hundred million a
hundred billion RMB in deep tack
research I just wonder how you think of
the future of the attack and how that's
going to influence humanity and
creativity thank you I think technology
as a company we invest a hundred billion
I'm B which is like a hundred fifty
right or fifteen fifteen billion u.s.
dollars all researching for the
high-tech as a company I hope in the
future we gain our profit because of our
technology not because our size so we
have to invest in technology but I don't
like this convert there's a debate
artificial intelligence threat the human
beings
I think artificial intelligence should
support human beings the technology
should always doing something to enable
people instead of today disabled people
well steam machine comes when car comes
people hate it you know today we think
car is good when that meant that the
automobile when first was designed
people especially this car this horseman
right they destroy every cars they can
see so I would say people like us when
we have the money we have the resources
we have the young old excellent young
people we should spend money on the
technology that enable people empower
people make life better so this is what
we want to invest and I think artificial
intelligence no matter how apt efficient
town is good human being in the future
competed with machine on knowledge you
don't have chance computer is always
going to be smarter than you are
when there's a car forget about a full
run faster when there's a plane don't
think you can fly like a when there's
computer you know computer is always
smarter than you are they never forget
they remember everything they never get
angry they calculate faster but computer
can never be as wise as a man what's the
difference between smart and wisdom my
view is a smart people see something the
other people don't see
a wise people
see something he pretend he did not see
how smart people know what he want and
wise people know what it doesn't want a
wisdom the person with wisdom knows item
only you know I don't want this then you
know what do you want
so I think this is the money we invest
to support human beings not supporting
Alibaba this lab is open to the whole
world
it's not supporting Alibaba at all
[Music]
so high I'm sad global shaper from the
slumber huh I really want to know what
you think about leadership is it
something that comes from the heart when
it comes to decision making as a leader
is it something that that you have to
take you have to think through your mind
as well or is it a bit of both like as a
leader when you make decisions would you
go with something that you really feel
about from your heart or would you have
tried to have a mix off your mind and
your heart when you make decisions yeah
I think you are it's a good question
I've been thinking about that first it's
a it's your nature instinct there must
be have something that you're different
second is you you need a training you
should be trained through all the tough
experience but still positive I found
some great leaders in the world they are
always positive they never complained
others and never complain and they they
look at the things in a different view
like normal people so I think people
a my company they at the beginning they
don't like me because I'll always think
about ten years five years and then
after we working together for three or
five years they find out who you are
right then we got the credit rating and
as a CEO one of the jobs where
everybody's happy you have to see the
unhappy things when everybody's unhappy
you have to see the happy things so
leadership is nature but you have to
have trained and learn and I got my
leadership
some upper graded in doubles I see so
many well honey you know on the end -
financing how many people here know
about how deep a thank you ally pays
decision was made here I was thinking
about Ally pay you know but I was not a
dare to launch out evening because in
China if you do financing with
unlicensed you were being jailed at that
time so I say I went to the bank's can
help us do the e-commerce of transaction
no no no no banks would accept it so if
there will be no a leap no financing the
e-commerce would go nowhere
so I was year 2004 I was here listen to
a speech by two state leaders about
leadership and this guy's a leadership
is about responsibility you believe it
people don't believe it but if you think
it's so critical
you should pay any price to do it so
that day changed my mind and a call back
to my team say let's launch it within
one month if somebody else go to the
jail I go to the gym who would be the
second we'll follow me if I go you
continue and you got the job Yoga
continued that was they called the
leadership determination and year 2004 I
made a decision here and I called back
and now to date the Ali pay it's so big
wonderful shall we take one from a ydl
to be to be fair any questions
yeah please
hello my name is Pablo from Costa Rica
ygl and given your perspective of caring
and being a trustee of all this what do
you do for self care and also maybe
within your company because earlier on
often you can cut through sleep or other
things in a silly way and you realize
that if you plan for the long term one
also has to take personal care be their
mindfulness or prioritizing better and
how are you doing this and how do you
promote that in your company well I'm
lucky that I have 18 co-founders and
most of them my students when we in my
apartment I told them my dream and my
vision and we're videotape funny thing
is that when Alibaba launched her for
the first day I said that's a videotape
everything every important meetings that
we join together I said the purpose is
that someday if we Phil would give the
videos to the people to research why we
film
if we succeed give the videos to the
other people so we have a lie almost a
whole house of videotapes
so the first videotape I say I speak for
two hours and those guys look at me ok
so that's what do you want to do I'll
say yeah this is what I want to do we I
was the first I know nothing about
technology I know that nothing about
management I know nothing but but the
only thing is that you don't have to
know a lot of things you have to find
the people who are smart that you are my
first away is always find people who
knowledge on computer smart denying
accounting smart on for so many years I
always try to find the people who smart
than I am and when you find so many
smart people my job is to making sure
the smart people can work it together
and then if smart people can work it
together it's easier the vision do
believe because if stupid people can
working together easily
not people can never work together
people work it together easily they
don't believe the vision the people who
believe the vision but they don't work
together so very important is a finding
smart people and my job is two things
making sure they work together so the
culture is important long-term Isha you
should be ideal it was great strong
vision leader but you should also have
to survive today
if you don't survive today you got so
the best way to promote your company is
not to you it's not me as the CEO the
best way is your product your services
your employees the best investor product
of your company is your employee so I
spent a lot of time 30 days for the
first 2000 price of Alibaba I speak
everybody for for one or two hours
Wendi joining I said I would never
promise you would be rich
I never promise you will be promoted but
I promise you suffer I promise you will
have a terrible life right although all
the terrible things I promise you
enjoying this company right but good
things if you promise good things you
are misleading them because I cannot
promise myself we we know this is the
future but we not we are not sure that
we will be there but if we don't work
together we all will lose our job and
they do always say and I think I've
experienced this myself if you knew how
hard it would be would you would you do
it and it seems for you a key part of
leadership is leaving the ego at the
door and being willing to hire people
better than you who you can then kind of
empower to carry out your your vision
wonderful yep
hi I'm Aiman from Google shipper Sakura
hub how does your experience of being a
teacher influence how you run the
business okay and do you have any
message for those who are working in
education space thank you how does your
experience of being a teacher in early
days o influence how you run the
business
oh yeah let me tell you one thing I
never thought I could be a CEO I never
thought I later I'd become a good CEO
one of the thing I learned from teachers
as a teacher very important a character
of a teacher is the teacher always
expect his students better
I want this student to become a banker
that's to become a mayor they're gonna
is a scientist this is all teachers want
if you don't have this kind of thinking
it's a it's a lousy loop it's a terrible
teacher a good teacher always want the
other people better you don't want this
teacher in jail that teaches a backrub
that that teacher is you know you know
so as a CEO I trained myself is I always
want those people join the company do
better than they thought and everything
the company should do is making sure the
good environment to training him to be
more positive
and everything we do this is a teacher
and teacher does not mean I know better
than you are everything I know better
than you are because I learn from others
so a teacher shouldn't learn all the
time
a teacher should I share all the time a
teacher should always expect the other
people better than you are and by the
way education it's a good big challenge
now if we do not change the way we teach
30 years later we'll be in trouble
because the way we teach the things we
talk teach our kids other things to pass
200 years is knowledge based and we
cannot teach our kids to compete so
machine will be smarter
we have to do something unique that is
machine connecticut trouble with us in
this way 30 years later our kids have
the chance I hope I ask your question
it's a very difficult one to answer but
what are those skills that you think we
need to you need to teach if it's we're
moving away from knowledge what are the
key things value believing independent
thinking teamwork care for others these
are the soft part the knowledge may not
teach you that but that's why I think we
should teach our kids sports
entertainment a little music painting
art to making sure humans should be
different from everything we teach
should be different from machine if the
machine can do better you have to think
about
[Music]
hi this is Hashem and Moussaoui from
Manama Bahrain talking about education
and for this revolution we have been
talking about people losing their jobs
or they are not qualified enough with
the skills needed what are you doing for
the people within your company to get
up-to-date to get continuous learning to
get to know what's the technologies
needed for the future thank you
okay luckily I don't have to do a lot of
these kind of things in my company
because we are fighting every day for
the future we know if we do not work
hard Facebook or Google and Amazon all
these got to venner right so this is why
we are globalized the it's a competition
globalized but we know that's not it's
not about technology competition all the
people today not like eighteen founders
will never - and a happy block engineers
today we have more than 25000 engineers
they are all smart people they do much
better job than the 18 years ago but the
only thing I wanted making sure that
these people have a friend that they
heart because the data we have the
technology we have if they do not have
have great hardening Sun we are going to
make disaster for the world
Google Facebook Amazon Alibaba these
companies we are the luckiest company of
this century and we have the luck if
we're lucky we have the responsibility
that we should have a good heart to do
something good but on the other thing I
want to say is bad that making sure that
everything you do is for the future for
example you know about a single estate
single stay shopping day November 11 is
the day we've created last year that
they were certain 25 billion US dollars
for one day and for the first a minute
over 70 to 80 million people who rush
inside to shop on the mobile phone so
you have to making sure the system is
good enough we have to finish we have to
finish two hundred and seventy thousand
transactions per second okay imagine
that toilet is 70,000 the transactions
per second if we do not have that kind
of computing capability the whole system
will crash because we have several
hundred million people waiting to pay
the money so this technology we know why
we do this for crazy for one day because
we want to test the technology this
technology should be inclusive because
we know today in China we create
probably like a hundred minute package
deliver we believe a date five years
later the whole world would deliver 1
billion packages per day think about
what's the technology are we ready for
that so the synchronous day is to
testing this technology and then to be
inclusive so making sure the market
drive done not the bus driver
thank you very thank you jack
mr. Zepeda from Mexico from the monetary
hablo shaper we have been talking a lot
about our generation and I really like
the conversation about three to four
three years after actually I have been
hearing these days that we haven't had
this snow in 30 years here so the
question is going to a quote of
Professor Schwab he said a couple of
months ago to the global shapers that
were the first generation that is going
to software about climate change
and we are the last one that can do
something about it so with your teaching
teaching passion what are the three
things that we are saying to educate the
term million employees for the Hana
Miller employees wherever who's looking
at this video to develop an
environmental mindset a spiritual
mindset and non fragmented world mindset
okay first let me say this
every disasters the environment
disasters as a reflect of human heart
today because when we need it too much
we destroy a lot of things I think the
human being today we the past 200 years
because of knowledge-based technology o
knowledge-based the training system all
we want to do is get more we want more
things we go to the moon we go to Mars
we go this we always also looking we
human being never inside looking if you
don't have the inside looking you will
never be wise if you're not wise you
never know what do you don't want today
human being get much more than they
expect they should have so the
environmental pollution the whole thing
happening is because human being become
greedy become arrogant so this is why
the big data the data technology is try
to understand the inside of human what
is that data is the human behavior a lot
of people
trust me the machine will know you
better than you know yourself
obvious in some movies some gamblers you
know they're great they look at the eyes
you if he got a good card
this I believe but none of people don't
see that the Machine see all the details
machine know you better so what I would
say is that in a data period human be
next to 100 years people human will not
try to understand things inward-looking
we will see a lot of eglise of ugly
things of ourselves where knowledge
based art were looking you see the ugly
things of the others and good things
when looking side working this is
Chinese philosophy Chinese people our
believing is always inside watching
we're supposed to have inside checking
every three time three times a day but
not not really if you can really do that
you can do that then you'll be good so
for environment you're right if we do
not make action take action all the
money you make was spent in the hospital
medicine our kids were being big trouble
so let's fix it and fix first fix our
heart fix our know-how and fix our
belief we have a belief wherever
religion we have a valley it's better
so I think this is what I concern to me
this is what I think the young people
should always have the valley the
mission if you have something you
believe in your heart that would be
different this is what next two thirty
years education shipping focus up we
have time for one last brief question
Runa Thank You this is Karuna from the
poultry shop mauritius and my question
is you talked about your workplace
culture I'd like to have one or two
examples if possible of how do you
motivate your employees and I'd like to
throw in the last question is how much
do you sleep okay this is such a
controversial topic and I keep hearing
different versions thank you what about
keeping the different versions ezio
sleep on these three to four hours and
whereas ever heard like you know you
need at least eight eyes so yeah I'm a
bit divided and and I'd love to know
your secret thank you yeah how do i
emot-- to buy incentive unload by my
colleagues you have to find the people
became mobilize themselves it's
impossible to find to to encourage an
active person so the people you're hi
the people work together they they have
to be oh you cannot we have a 65,000 in
price now you cannot hire all of them
that positive but at least the people
work with me
my management leadership several areas
they have to be positive they have to
know the to incentive the others because
I cannot accept everybody and making
sure the culture so
I think it will be very painful for me
to talk to my vice president and he need
to be incentivized and mobilized every
time right this is one word if he is not
if he does not know how to incentivize
or mobilize his people is better and I
don't think he will be the vice
president they should be a good engineer
good designer but not a good leader a
good leader should know how but not by
only money most of people being
centralized or mover not because you
give them a lot of money you give the
respect trust appreciation
and correct hard to fool advice
when it come to my meetings internal
meetings you will be shocked because we
we're not like a lot of other Chinese
company the bossy and Melissa take notes
and go down we are like a war room we
make decision based on whose voice is
louder early days you know we'll find it
a talk and then making sure everybody
speak up so this is also a way of mobile
life and incentives there are lot of
ways and different people have a
different way to send incentives of this
how much time I sleep I have a problem I
mean I don't I sleep not very shot but
not good
and I don't eat a lot this is something
that I was sure I don't eat a lot I'm a
very pickle on the food and I don't know
sometimes I would love to see what the
things that make me
worked like that but for sure that if I
suddenly give me one month location I'll
collapse its I think there will be
something in my heart maybe the mission
at the beginning of a mission of
eighteen people today we have 65,000
people they all believe the mission so
if I give up I can give up in my
position but I should not give up a
commission if I give up everybody say
hey no so and then especially today
Alibaba at this size people continue to
say for this size the growth rate will
be tiny but down the ten twenty years
Alibaba will look like if you want to be
stupid greater or triple our size what's
what what the direction how to do it so
I spend lot of time thinking a lot of
time thinking and I love to think good
thing is I have a good team now I think
I do the talk they do the work yes on
that note I would think I'm sorry we
didn't have a chance to take everyone's
questions we'll just have to make this
an annual convening from now on and I
hope you can all join me in thanking
Jack for his strong message of youth
inclusivity particularly in the context
of trade and how we should all take time
to look inside ourselves cultivate our
wiseness because that's how we'll
differentiate ourselves from machines
thank you so much
[Applause]